doc: add known issue about smp_svr (#3221)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

USB Mass Storage Sample Application compilation issues
  :ref:`zephyr:usb_mass` does not compile.

> 
> .. rst-class:: v1-4-0
> SMP Server sample fails upon initialization
>   The sample will fault upon initialization when using the :file:`bt-overlay.conf` Kconfig overlay file.
>   This happens because of a stack overflow.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Set :option:`CONFIG_MAIN_STACK_SIZE=2048`
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-4-0

SMP Server sample fails upon initialization
  The :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` will fail upon initialization when using the :file:`bt-overlay.conf` Kconfig overlay file.
  This happens because of a stack overflow.

  **Workaround:** Set :option:`CONFIG_MAIN_STACK_SIZE` to ``2048``.
```
JIRA ticket is missing in the heading line.
